Page 1: The Team

Kampabits Staff

At KampaBits we have a dedicated, passionate team which works around the clock in seeing Kampabits achieve its vision. The team has gotten valuable experiences from diverse sectors for example project management, youth development, ICT and creativity etc. The team always makes sure that they keep abreast emerging technologies and skills that trickles back to the students. This is with the aim of making sure the graduates are able to adapt and cope with their economic and social challenges.

The best thing about our team is that it is composed of experienced alumni and professionals who have attained credentials from reputable universities and colleges.
Board Members

KampaBits is registered as an organization under the laws of Uganda government. The organization is run by a board of trustees consists of Michael Niyitegeka, Dr. Dorothy Akello, Kiranda Richard, Ssegujja Hussein and Emer Beamer.

Kampabits alumni

Kampabits has a number of alumni that is growing at a very fast rate. These youth represent the fruits of Kampabits' labour. They have attained different levels of training in Kampabits and have gone on to occupy different sectors of the economy. Some have gone on to work for some of the largest multimedia design companies in Uganda, some have opted to go into private enterprise while others have gone into the NGO world including presence in the United Nations.

The alumni is a critical part of our continued interventions as they inform us on how best to improve based on their experiences in the market and in society. The feedback on how well they adapt or the challenges they face inform of the continuous improvement of our curricula and intervention. They are also a great source of knowledge and mentorship as they give back through helping us train and guide their peers.

Most of all, they are a source of motivation, pride and joy as they use their skills to improve their lives, their families and their communities at large.




Page 2: History

    History Start up: The initial steps of KampaBits start up included a visit to Kamapala by Ineke Aquarius of Butterfly Works (www.butterflyworks.org) and Anne Ikiara of Mamabits (www.mamabits.com) to forge a partnership with a local web design company Mountbatten Ltd (www.mountbatten.net).
    Local Terre Des Hommes Netherlands partners that operate within the Kampala's informal settlements were contacted during that time to form initial partners for Kampabits. Platform for Labour Action and St. Elizabeth Girls Home were part of the initial partnership.
    By 12th September 2010, Kampabits was operational.
    The center was equipped with 23 state of the art computers, a super fast internet connection and a dedicated trainer thanks to Terre Des Hommes Netherlands.
    The center started with 20 students, drawn from the informal settlements of Kawempe, Banda and Rubaga.





Page 3: Goals

Vision

Youth making positive contribution towards the development of society.

Mission

KampaBits exists to positively change the lives of vulnerable youth in Uganda by improving their access to productive employment as well as their ability to cope with their social environment through creativity and innovation.

Goal

To reduce levels of poverty among youth in informal settlements and other challenging environments and to improve their ability to deal with factors that render them socially and economically vulnerable.

Objectives

    To improve the prospects of formal employment for youth from informal settlements.
    To increase the prospects of self-employment on the part of youth from informal settlements.
    To improve the capacity of youth from informal settlements to deal with those social factors that affect the quality of their lives.
    To assure relevance, effectiveness, learning, replication and innovation in KampaBits.
